## Introduction

The C-CDA Scorecard enables providers, implementers, and health IT professionals with a tool that compares how artifacts (transition of care documents, care plans etc) created by your organization stack up against the HL7 C-CDA implementation guide and HL7 best practices. The C-CDA Scorecard promotes best practices in C-CDA implementation by assessing key aspects of the structured data found in individual documents. The Scorecard tool provides a rough quantitative assessment and highlights areas of improvement which can be made today to move the needle forward in interoperability of C-CDA documents. The [best practices and quantitative scoring criteria](http://www.hl7.org/documentcenter/public/wg/structure/C-CDA%20Scorecard%20Rubrics%203.pptx) have been developed by HL7 through the HL7-ONC Cooperative agreement to improve the implementation of health care standards. We hope that providers and health IT developers will use the tool to identify and resolve issues around C-CDA document interoperability in their health IT systems.

The report has three sections. The first section contains the summary of the C-CDA Scorecard results highlighting the overall document grade compared to the industry, a quantitative score out of a maximum of 100\. The second section identifies areas for improvement organized by clinical domains in a clickable heatmap which is used for navigation. The third section contains detailed results for each domain which identify issues when compared against the implemented rules.
